<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="introduction_to_lattice_radiant_software">
    <title>Introduction to Lattice Radiant Software</title>
    <shortdesc>This user guide describes the main features, usage, and key concepts of the Radiant
        software design environment. It should be used in conjunction with the Release Notes and
        reference documentation included with the product software. The Release Notes document is
        also available on the Lattice website and provides a list of supported devices</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>Lattice Radiant® software is the leading-edge software design environment for cost-
            sensitive, low-power Lattice Field Programmable Gate Arrays (FPGA) architectures. The
            Radiant software integrated tool environment provides a modern, comprehensive user
            interface for controlling the Lattice Semiconductor FPGA implementation process. Its
            combination of new and enhanced features allows users to complete designs faster, more
            easily, and with better results than ever before.</p>
        <section id="section_ds5_yzh_fyb">
            <title>Radiant Software Overview</title>
            <p>The Radiant software uses an expanded project-based design flow and integrated tool
                views so that design alternatives and what-if scenarios can easily be created and
                analyzed. The Implementations and Strategies concepts provide a convenient way for
                users to try alternate design structures and manage multiple tool settings.</p>
            <p>System-level information—including process flow, hierarchy, and file lists—is
                available, along with integrated HDL code checking and consolidated reporting
                features.</p>
            <p>A fast Timing Analysis loop and Programmer provide capabilities in the integrated
                framework. The cross-probing feature and the shared memory architecture ensure fast
                performance and better memory utilization.</p>
            <p>The Radiant software is highly customizable and provides Tcl scripting capabilities
                from either its built-in console or from an external shell.</p>
            <p>The Radiant software has many of the same features as Lattice Diamond software, and
                adds new features, such as:<ul id="ul_gft_513_fyb">
                    <li>Constraints support utilizing industry standard SDC format.</li>
                    <li>Efficient, easy-to-use integrated graphical user interface (GUI) with a new
                        look-and-feel that gives users more efficient access to popular tools.</li>
                    <li>Unified timing analysis engine with enhanced timing reports for faster
                        design timing closure.</li>
                </ul></p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
