<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="overview_of_project_and_implementation">
    <title>Overview of Project and Implementation</title>
    <shortdesc>This chapter covers projects and their elements. Implementations and strategies are
        explained and some common project tasks are shown. </shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p></p>
        <section id="section_z4c_5ts_fyb">
            <title>Projects</title>
            <p>A project is the top organizational element in the Radiant software design
                environment. Projects consist of design, constraint, configuration and analysis
                files. Only one project can be open at a time, and a single project can include
                multiple design structures and tool settings.</p>
            <p>The Project menu commands enable you to do the following: <ul id="ul_hzw_45s_fyb">
                    <li>Examine the project properties.</li>
                    <li>Change the target device.</li>
                    <li>Change the severity level of warning messages</li>
                    <li>Set the synthesis tool</li>
                    <li>Show the active strategy tool settings</li>
                    <li>Set the top level design unit.</li>
                </ul></p>
            <p/>
        </section>
        <section id="section_ccq_x5s_fyb">
            <title>Implementations</title>
            <p>An implementation is the structure of a design and can be thought of as what is in
                the design. For example, one implementation might use inferred memory while another
                implementation uses instantiated memory. Implementations also define the constraint
                and analysis parameters for a project.</p>
            <p>There can be multiple implementations in a project, but only one implementation can
                be active at a time. And there must be one active implementation. Every
                implementation has an associated active strategy. Strategies are a shared pool of
                resources for all implementations and are discussed in the next section. An
                implementation is created whenever you create a new project.</p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
    <related-links>
        <link href="adding_implementations.dita"/>
        <link href="cloning_implementations.dita"/>
    </related-links>
</concept>
